README.md, before:

# Template Golang and Bun ORM w/ cli commands

### Stack

- [Air - Live reload for Go apps](https://github.com/cosmtrek/air)
- [Fiber](https://docs.gofiber.io/)
- [Bun ORM](https://bun.uptrace.dev/)
- [Urfave CLI](https://cli.urfave.org/)

### CLI Commands
- go run cmd/cli/main.go [command]

| Command          | Description                                                  |
|------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| app run          | Run fiber web server                                         |
| db init          | Create orm default databases (locks, migrations table, etc.) |
| db migrate       | Run database migrations (migrations folder)                  |
| db rollback      | Rollback migrations                                          |
| db create_go     | Create migration in golang format                            |
| db create_sql    | Create migration in SQL format                               |
| db create_tx_sql | Create transactional migration in SQL format                 |
| db status        | Show database migrations status                              |

### Makefile commands
- make [command]

| Command       | Description                                  |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------|
| build         | Golang build                                 |
| run-db        | Run docker compose database service          |
| compose-build | Run docker compose build                     |
| exec-bash     | Run docker compose exec in app service       |
| run-dev       | Run application in dev mode with live reload |

### How to use

- Create a repository choosing the template.
- Rename go module.
- Run `make run-db` to run database service.
- Run `make compose-build` to build the app.
- Run `make run-dev` to start the app and attach in container.
- Move your authentication public key to ssl folder and remove to `public.key`.
- Inside container, run `air .` to run application with live reload.
- Make sure your application is working correctly with database using `GET /health`, it should return `{"ping":"pong"}` and status code 200.
- Enjoy !

Commit message:

add env to control ssl path

README.md, after:

# Template Golang and Bun ORM w/ cli commands

### Stack

- [Air - Live reload for Go apps](https://github.com/cosmtrek/air)
- [Fiber](https://docs.gofiber.io/)
- [Bun ORM](https://bun.uptrace.dev/)
- [Urfave CLI](https://cli.urfave.org/)

### CLI Commands
- go run cmd/cli/main.go [command]

| Command          | Description                                                  |
|------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| app run          | Run fiber web server                                         |
| db init          | Create orm default databases (locks, migrations table, etc.) |
| db migrate       | Run database migrations (migrations folder)                  |
| db rollback      | Rollback migrations                                          |
| db create_go     | Create migration in golang format                            |
| db create_sql    | Create migration in SQL format                               |
| db create_tx_sql | Create transactional migration in SQL format                 |
| db status        | Show database migrations status                              |

### Makefile commands
- make [command]

| Command       | Description                                  |
|---------------|----------------------------------------------|
| build         | Golang build                                 |
| run-db        | Run docker compose database service          |
| compose-build | Run docker compose build                     |
| exec-bash     | Run docker compose exec in app service       |
| run-dev       | Run application in dev mode with live reload |

### How to use

- Create a repository choosing the template.
- Rename go module.
- Run `make run-db` to run database service.
- Run `make compose-build` to build the app.
- Run `make run-dev` to start the app and attach in container.
- If application needs authentication, create a public key file and set the path in docker-compose environment (`PUBLIC_KEY_PATH`).
- Inside container, run `air .` to run application with live reload.
- Make sure your application is working correctly with database using `GET /health`, it should return `{"ping":"pong"}` and status code 200.
- Enjoy !
